Commerce: Updated articles for v14 (#6329)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-commerce/reference/shipping/dynamic-rate-shipping.md

## Configuration

1. Go to **Settings** > **Stores** > {Your Store} > **Shipping Methods**.

    ![Shipping Methods](../../media/v14/shipping-methods-list-view.png)

2. Click **Create Shipping Method**.
3. Choose **Basic** as the shipping provider.

    ![Choose Shipping Provider](../../media/v14/shipping-provider-modal.png)

4. Choose **Dynamic** as the calculation mode option.

    ![Choose Shipping Calculation Mode](../../media/v14/shipping-provider-config-modal.png)

5. Enter the **Shipping Method Name**, **Alias**, **SKU**, and optional **Tax Rate**.

    ![Shipping Method Details](../../media/v14/shipping-method-general-settings.png)

6. Choose the range unit to base the rates upon.
7. Click **Add Range** to define each range.

    ![Shipping Method Rates](../../media/v14/shipping-method-dynamic-rates.png)

8. Enter the **From** and **To** value of the range.

> 9. Enter the rate details from the available rate options leaving blank any option you don't wish to apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Enter the rate details from the available rate options leaving blank any option you do not wish to apply.
```
